com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsContainsWords
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsExactMatchMaoriGloss
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsContainsSecondaryGloss
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsExactSecondaryGloss
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsStartsWithMatchMaoriGloss
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionaryItem_imagePathHandlesMissingImage
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsStartsWithMatchMainGlass
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionaryItem_imagePathHandlesRegularImage
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsContainsMatchMainGlass
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsRemovesDuplicatesFromMatchGroups
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsExactMatchMainGloss
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.DictionaryAndroidUnitTest dictionary_getWordsContainsMatchMaoriGloss
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesActivityTest activity__favouriteListItemNavigation
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesActivityTest activity__listsFavourites
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesActivityTest activity__downloadSingleFavourite
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesRepositoryTest contains__ignores_non_existing_item
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesRepositoryTest add__adds_entry
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesRepositoryTest contains__matches_existing_item
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesRepositoryTest add__does_not_add_duplicates
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.FavouritesRepositoryTest remove__removes_entry
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.NZSLDictionaryTest test_aboutWebviewRenders
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.NZSLDictionaryTest test_toggleNormalSearch
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.NZSLDictionaryTest test_toggleHandshapeSearch
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.NZSLDictionaryTest test_wordOfTheDay
com.hewgill.android.nzsldict.NZSLDictionaryTest test_performingSearchShowsList
